net: lib: nrf_cloud: fix nrf_cloud_client_id_get for MQTT and REST (#8429)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * An issue that caused the application to receive multiple disconnect events.
      * An issue that prevented full modem FOTA updates to be installed during library initialization.

>       * An issue that caused :c:func:`nrf_cloud_client_id_get` to fail if both :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_MQTT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST` are enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * An issue that caused the :c:func:`nrf_cloud_client_id_get` function to fail if both :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_MQTT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST` were enabled.
```
